we're in one of Salvador's biggest
street markets where you can find
everything from gold to sugarcane these
mangoes look and smell pretty good
something get a couple
which is about we're surprised with the
same mistakes cashew nuts this is
actually what a cashew nut looks before
you actually break it up and roast it
where you will you generally get in the
supermarket's actually I've never
actually seen a real cashew nut I've
seen them in pictures but I'm gonna get
a couple just so it just for kicks so we
can reduce it
he's gonna show me how to eat it
cuz I have no idea what to do
because I'm gonna get sick special is it
required to eat if you come to Salvador
check it out